Lick the crab for you
Are you sure you are not dreaming?
What can you do to me?
Bite me haha grandma
I said Shen Hanshuang was my sister
I go in, don't stay
If you want to come in with me
Just by not following through on what he said
Hahaha you
You trash
If you can get in
Lao Tzu eats shit
This is what you said.
Don't wander for a while
Otherwise, don't blame me for what's on my mind, everyone
Jiro, can we really go in?
Why don't we go back?
Hey, sister, don't worry.
If that's the case, this trash is so loud
If he can do it
I eat shit with your brother-in-law
If he can't do it
You will accompany Major General Wu tomorrow
Why should we promise you to trust me?
Some people want to eat shit
You don't let him eat
Not stealing to give them face
But nothing is wrong
Don't worry.
Let's go, I'll take a look at you trash
When was it installed?
Please come in sir
Reimbursement purchasing agent
You and your wife don't need money.